Updating migration docs and adding hint about polystat panel (#51367)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/developers/plugins/migration-guide.md

## Introduction

> The guide helps you identify the steps required to update a plugin from the Grafana version it currently supports to newer versions of Grafana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide helps you identify the steps required to update a plugin from the Grafana version it currently supports to newer versions of Grafana.
```

Sorry I introduced a typo. 🤦

> This guide helps you identify the steps you need to take based on the Grafana version your plugin supports and explains how to migrate the plugin to the 9.x or a later version.

Reviewer: Not sure we should need to keep changing this intro. Maybe we could use something more generic?

```suggestion
The guide helps you identify the steps required to update a plugin from the Grafana version it currently supports to newer versions of Grafana.
```

- [Plugin migration guide](#plugin-migration-guide)
  - [Introduction](#introduction)
  - [Table of contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [From version 8.x to 9.x](#from-version-8x-to-9x)

>     - [9.0 deprecations](#90-deprecations)

Reviewer: Are these deprecations or breaking changes?

Author: Good point. Changed https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/51367/commits/1ce3f43aae0e2d45d7954a25425a2812c414336e

interface Options {
...
text?: TextDisplayOptions;
...
}

// after
interface Options {
...
text?: VizTextDisplayOptions;
...
}
```

#### Changes in the internal of `backendSrv.fetch()`

We have changed the internals of `backendSrv.fetch()` to throw an error when the response is an incorrect JSON. Make sure to handle possible errors on the callsite where using `backendSrv.fetch()` (or any other `backendSrv` methods)

```ts
// PREVIOUSLY: this was returning with an empty object {} - in case the response is an invalid JSON
return await getBackendSrv().post(`${API_ROOT}/${id}/install`);

// AFTER THIS CHANGE: the following will throw an error - in case the response is an invalid JSON
return await getBackendSrv().post(`${API_ROOT}/${id}/install`);
```

#### GrafanaTheme2 and useStyles2 replaces getFormStyles

We have removed the deprecated `getFormStyles` function from [grafana-ui](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@grafana/ui). Use `GrafanaTheme2` and the `useStyles2` hook instead

#### /api/ds/query replaces /api/tsdb/query

We have removed the deprecated `/api/tsdb/query` metrics endpoint. Use [/api/ds/query]({{< relref "../http_api/data_source/#query-a-data-source" >}}) instead

> 

Reviewer: Would it be worth adding anything related to the move to webpack 5 in toolkit and possible impact with custom webpack configs / node polyfills? https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/release-notes/release-notes-9-0-0-beta2/#breaking-changes

Maybe a mention of the removal of `selectOptionInTest` from `@grafana/ui` also? I don't think it'll impact anyone but we never know... https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/release-notes/release-notes-9-0-0/#breaking-changes

Author: Added https://github.com/grafana/grafana/pull/51367/commits/1ce3f43aae0e2d45d7954a25425a2812c414336e
